Create ui-c8y-1021-65-0-as-a-solution-architect-i-want-to-see-what-changed-on.md (#3256)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-65-0-as-a-solution-architect-i-want-to-see-what-changed-on.md

---
date: ""

> title: As a solution architect, I want to see what changed on a package. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8931)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: As a solution architect, I want to see what changed on a package by viewing package changelog
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62165
version: 1021.65.0
---

> As a solution architect, I want to see what changed on a package. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8931)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new feature adds possibility to view changelog of deployed package. It allows to view changelog in:
- package details "Changelog" tab
- package varsions "Changelog" section after selecting specific version
- update installed plugin modal
```

---
date: ""

> title: Option added to view change logs of deployed packages

Reviewer 2: We usually spell change log in two words throughout the documentation. For consistency, should be adapted in the UI if you spell it differently there.

Reviewer: okay, created PR for it https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/8938

> title: As a solution architect, I want to see what changed on a package by viewing package changelog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Option added to view change logs of deployed packages
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62165
version: 1021.65.0
---

> It is now possible to view change logs of deployed packages. These change log can be viewed in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is now possible to view change logs of deployed packages. These change logs can be viewed in:
```

> This new feature adds possibility to view changelog of deployed package. It allows to view changelog in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is now possible to view change logs of deployed packages. These change log can be viewed in:
```

> - package details "Changelog" tab

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A **Change log** tab in the package details 
```

- A change log section in the package version details 

> - The update installed plugin modal

Reviewer 2: @jdre-c8y How is this one called in the UI?

Reviewer: @BeateRixen so we have this view of installed plugins in application (Administration app in this case)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1be3f0c0-3a4e-40e1-91dc-2def341330b6)
and if one of plugins can be updated, we get modal
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/69f13d6a-37c1-4eb9-aae7-c27b95a2ae46)
and this is the place where you can see change log

> - The update installed plugin modal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In the **Update plugin** dialog for installed plugins
```

> - package varsions "Changelog" section after selecting specific version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A change log section in the package version details 
```

> - update installed plugin modal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The update installed plugin modal
```
